Ok Qi Tian
You hit me, how dare you break in?
Who said I broke in?
Qi Tian, I don't care how you got in
You injured my brother innocently
Apologize now
Then get out, I hurt him innocently
Brother Tian is in your heart
That's who I am.
You didn't hurt it.
You mean my brother tried to frame you
Hurt yourself
You say yes, that's it, you see he admits it
Qi Tian, I didn't expect it.
You actually tried to attract my attention
So choose gloves
It makes me sick. Go away
Don't let me see you again
You think I came here to see you?
Isn't it?
I am now the proud daughter of heaven
Business West
Not what you can cling to now
Put away your unrealistic fantasies
Get out of here, you can pull it down
I'm here on business
Not prohibited. Do you know what this place is?
know
The opening ceremony of Haicheng Trade Conference
I know you don't hurry up
You are a swaggering poor man
What can I do here?
You can get in.
They are all important figures in Haicheng
Get out
Don't get our eyes dirty.
Humph
visceral world
unkind father
Just you guys.
You deserve it even if you're broke